July 26 - August 31 (#1820)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/whats-new.mdx

--><!-- END: New Entry Template -->

<!-- BEGIN: What's New Entries -->
## July 26 - August 31, 2021 

> - Published the [Notification](https://design-system.hpe.design/components#visualizations) and [Toast Notifications](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/toast-notifications) & [Status Indicator](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/status-indicator) content with examples. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Published the [Notification](/components/notification) and [Toast Notifications](/templates/toast-notifications) & [Status Indicator](/templates/status-indicator) content with examples. 
```

> - Updated [toolbar button to include an icon only variant + changed stroke from 2px to 1px](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=0%3A1) 

Reviewer: Capitalization consistency between "Toolbar Button" and "Default Button" listed below.

End sentences with period.

Trying to not hyperlink the majority of the sentence, focussing on the subject.

```suggestion
- Updated [Toolbar Button](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=0%3A1)  to include an icon only variant + changed stroke from 2px to 1px.
```

- Updated [Default Button](https://www.figma.com/file/Oi5UEEQ33VCAyOKQcZ8Nr8/HPE-Button-Component?node-id=681%3A5164) in Figma library to align with Design System site by removing white background color in enabled state.

> - Updated name for "Tooltip" component in Figma library to ["Tip"](https://www.figma.com/file/Jd34cI5yyZIPb5BIwkIPU2/HPE-Tip?node-id=538%3A803) to align with the Design System site 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated name for "Tooltip" component in Figma library to ["Tip"](https://www.figma.com/file/Jd34cI5yyZIPb5BIwkIPU2/HPE-Tip?node-id=538%3A803) to align with the Design System site.
```

> - Added [numerical values to both sides of the RangeInput component](https://www.figma.com/file/BqCjvjc0rECQ4Ln2QhyjNi/HPE-Range-Input-Component?node-id=0%3A1) 

Reviewer: hyperlink should be on the subject of the sentence, in this case, "numerical values" --> ideally this hyperlinks [directly to an example](https://www.figma.com/file/BqCjvjc0rECQ4Ln2QhyjNi/HPE-Range-Input-Component?node-id=9%3A66) of the subject.

```suggestion
- Added [numerical values](https://www.figma.com/file/BqCjvjc0rECQ4Ln2QhyjNi/HPE-Range-Input-Component?node-id=0%3A1) labeling each end of RangeInput.
```

> - Cleaned up Ordering of Items Figma file. The actions [item is now the new toolbar button which was previously default button.](https://www.figma.com/file/TonE8uQ33e5QJRPknZx36q/Ordering-Of-Items) 

Reviewer: Can we deeplink this directly to one of the actions menus? File is large and would be more helpful for the link to target the subject.

Also, I think we are misusing "Button" here. "Actions" is acting as a Menu component here, yet is built with a Button component. I'd like for us to get aligned on the usage.

```suggestion
- Cleaned up Ordering of Items Figma file. The [actions menu](https://www.figma.com/file/TonE8uQ33e5QJRPknZx36q/Ordering-Of-Items) is now styled similarly to the new toolbar button.
```

## July 19-23, 2021
- Iterated on Notifications taxonomy based on research results.

> - Continued [ideating on written guidance for Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1%3A20).

Reviewer: object of the sentence can be used as secondary choice of hyperlink as "continued ideating" (subject) doesn't have a great place to link to.

```suggestion
- Continued ideating on [written guidance for Navigation](https://www.figma.com/file/b6hiokanRCwNnc93PpHdgQ/HPE-Design-System-Navigation?node-id=1%3A20).
```
